README.md, before:

## COVID-19 Coronavirus Map / 新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情图

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevenliuyi/covid19/master/public/cover.png" width="400" />

COVID-19 (2019-nCOV / SARS-CoV-2) Coronavirus Map (https://covid19.health) is an interactive, animated map for the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak.

### Data Sources
- Worldwide/United States/Australia: [2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19)
- China: [COVID-19/2019-nCoV Time Series Infection Data Warehouse](https://github.com/BlankerL/DXY-COVID-19-Data) (data crawled from [Ding Xiang Yuan](https://ncov.dxy.cn/ncovh5/view/pneumonia))
- Italy: [Dati COVID-19 Italia](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19)
- South Korea: [parksw3/COVID19-Korea](https://github.com/parksw3/COVID19-Korea)
- France: [cedricguadalupe/FRANCE-COVID-19](https://github.com/cedricguadalupe/FRANCE-COVID-19)
- Germany/Austria: [covid19-eu-zh/covid19-eu-data](https://github.com/covid19-eu-zh/covid19-eu-data)
- Japan: [新型コロナウイルス感染速報](https://github.com/swsoyee/2019-ncov-japan)

Commit message:

add US county level map

README.md, after:

## COVID-19 Coronavirus Map / 新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情图

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevenliuyi/covid19/master/public/cover.png" width="400" />

COVID-19 (2019-nCOV / SARS-CoV-2) Coronavirus Map (https://covid19.health) is an interactive, animated map for the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak.

### Data Sources
- Worldwide/United States/Australia: [2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19)
- China: [COVID-19/2019-nCoV Time Series Infection Data Warehouse](https://github.com/BlankerL/DXY-COVID-19-Data) (data crawled from [Ding Xiang Yuan](https://ncov.dxy.cn/ncovh5/view/pneumonia))
- United States (county level): [1Point3Acres COVID-19 in US and Canada](https://coronavirus.1point3acres.com/en)
- Italy: [Dati COVID-19 Italia](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19)
- South Korea: [parksw3/COVID19-Korea](https://github.com/parksw3/COVID19-Korea)
- France: [cedricguadalupe/FRANCE-COVID-19](https://github.com/cedricguadalupe/FRANCE-COVID-19)
- Germany/Austria: [covid19-eu-zh/covid19-eu-data](https://github.com/covid19-eu-zh/covid19-eu-data)
- Japan: [新型コロナウイルス感染速報](https://github.com/swsoyee/2019-ncov-japan)
